Update downloading and cropping command sections (#57)
conveyal/docs: docs/prepare-inputs/index.mdx

Extracts from the global OSM database can be downloaded in [many different ways](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Downloading_data). For most regions, we recommend [Protomaps](https://protomaps.com/extracts), a service that provides up-to-date OSM extracts in the required PBF format. If you need a region that is too large for Protomaps, [Geofabrik](http://download.geofabrik.de) provides easy downloads for entire countries and other selected regions. In either case, your extract should cover your entire service area or region, but not extend unnecessarily far beyond it as that may cause computation to stall.

#### Cropping

Performing accessibility analysis with excessively large OSM data can lead to significant increases in computation time and complexity. We strongly recommend cropping the data if they cover an area significantly larger than your transportation network or opportunity data. If you need assistance, please contact your support team. If you are comfortable working with the Unix shell, consider these tools for cropping operations:

- [Osmosis](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Osmosis) is a multi-platform Java tool that works on Windows, Linux, and MacOS.

> - [OSMConvert](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Osmconvert) is a fast tool pre-built for Windows and Linux and available on MacO S and Linux as part of the `osmctools` package.

Author: ```suggestion
- [OSMConvert](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Osmconvert) is a fast tool pre-built for Windows and Linux and available on MacOS and Linux as part of the `osmctools` package.
```
